Change in scaffolder streaming logs screen (#28560)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/loud-baboons-relate.md

---

> '@backstage/core-components': minor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
'@backstage/core-components': patch
```

'@backstage/plugin-scaffolder': minor
---

> Changes the TaskLogStream to take up all remaining space
> Changes the RealLogViewer to always display the last line by default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updating the `TaskLogStream` to take up all space in a running task, and also show the last line of the log by default
```
